Clarify YEAR column limitations in migrations.md (#11180)
laravel/docs: migrations.md

```php
$table->year('birth_year');
```
> [!WARNING]

> > The year method creates the `YEAR` equivalent column, but **limited in range**. YEAR accepts input values in a variety of formats, but always in the range '1901' to '2155'. Years previous to '1901' are not accepted by MySQL.

Reviewer: I would put "MySQL" in front rather than somewhere in the back where it can easily be missed. People will keep assuming, it applies to all database engines until they reach the very last word.

```suggestion
> **When using the MySQL engine:** The year method creates the `YEAR` equivalent column, but **limited in range**. YEAR accepts input values in a variety of formats, but always in the range '1901' to '2155'. Years previous to '1901' are not accepted.
```

Author: Absolutely agree with your comment. For me, it’s a go and an important note because I spent 2 hours on this issue while migrating a project.

Reviewer: Yeah, not very intuitive. While I get that 1901 does have some meaning when working with dates, it makes especially the `year` column type way less useful
